Test from packages (#59)
CoherentLabs/GameUIComponents: tools/tests/README.md

# Adding new tests

> All tests are located in tools/tests. There is a separate folder for each component. All tests are named **test.js**.

Reviewer: All the tests are not named test.js, aren't they? There are components with multiple test files

Author: Yes, they are not. Changed.

The dependencies of the test are listed in the package.json file located in tools/tests. If your tests depends on some package - add it there:

tools/tests/package.json
~~~~{.js}
{
    "name": "components-tests",
    "dependencies": {
      "coherent-gameface-automatic-grid": "^1.0.6",
      "coherent-gameface-components": "^1.0.5",
      "coherent-gameface-checkbox": "^1.0.5",
      "coherent-gameface-dropdown": "^1.0.6",
      "coherent-gameface-form-control": "^1.0.1",
      "coherent-gameface-grid": "^1.0.2",
      "coherent-gameface-menu": "^1.0.7",
      "coherent-gameface-modal": "^1.0.4",
      "coherent-gameface-progress-bar": "^1.0.4",
      "coherent-gameface-radial-menu": "^1.0.3",
      "coherent-gameface-radio-button": "^1.0.1",
      "coherent-gameface-rangeslider": "^1.0.4",
      "coherent-gameface-router": "^1.0.5",
      "coherent-gameface-scrollable-container": "^1.0.6",
      "coherent-gameface-slider": "^1.0.5",
      "coherent-gameface-switch": "^1.0.1",
      "coherent-gameface-tabs": "^1.0.6",
      "coherent-gameface-tooltip": "^1.0.1"
      // add your dependencies here
    },
    "author": "CoherentLabs",
    "license": "ISC"
}
~~~~

> By default the tests create a symbolic links between the source of the components and the modules installed in tests/node_modules. This is necessary in order to test the local packages. If we don't create links we'll test the published npm modules. The links are not deleted between test runs. If you wish to skip the linking pass --link=false to the test script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the tests create a symbolic links between the source of the components and the modules installed in tests/node_modules. This is necessary in order to test the local packages. If we don't create links we'll test the published npm modules. The links are not deleted between test runs. If you wish to skip the linking **don't include the --link argument** to the test script:
```
Maybe?

Author: Changed as we discussed - `npm run test -- --no-link`

> `npm run test -- --link false`

Reviewer: Maybe it will be better to run the tests with or without the `--link` argument and don't add a value to those argument?

`npm run test -- --link` - Will link the dependencies
`npm run test` - Will not link the dependencies

Reviewer 2: Update to what we aggreed upon for `--no-link`.

Author: Yes, just the opposite - with --no-link because we want link to be default.
Changed to simply --no-link without value.

karma.conf.js:
~~~~{.js}
files: [
    { pattern: 'node_modules/coherent-gameface-*/**/*.css', included: true, type: 'css' },
    { pattern: 'node_modules/coherent-gameface-components/umd/*.development.js', served: true },
    { pattern: 'node_modules/coherent-gameface-*/umd/*.development.js', served: true },
    { pattern: 'actions.js', served: true },
    'scrollable-container/*.js',

>     'checkbox/test.js',

Reviewer: What if we have another test file in the checkbox folder?

Author: It should be like the rest and include all files - change to 'checkbox/*.js.
